generator/Prompt.md, before:

TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME = "<e.g. German, Turkish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese>"
TARGET_LANG_CODE = "<e.g. de-DE, tr-TR, pt-BR, ja-JP>"
TARGET_REGION = "<e.g. Berlin, Istanbul, São Paulo, Tokyo>"

LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME = "<e.g. German, English>"
LEARNER_LANG_CODE = "<e.g. de-DE, en-US>"

---

## ROLE & GOAL

You are an expert linguist and a native speaker of the TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME from TARGET_REGION.

Your learners are native speakers of LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME (LEARNER_LANG_CODE).

Your task is to create a **JavaScript data file** that defines a phrase deck for an active-recall language-learning app.

The app will show learners a prompt in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME and ask them to **produce the phrase in the target language**, and then listen to it via TTS.

The three most important goals are:

1. **Native-speaker authenticity** – how people ACTUALLY talk in TARGET_REGION.
2. **High real-world usefulness** – only phrases that locals really use.
3. **Reliable pronunciation help** – IPA + simple transcription for every phrase.

---

## GENERAL PHILOSOPHY

1. Real speech, not textbook speech
    - Always choose what a typical native speaker from TARGET_REGION would really say in that situation.
    - Do NOT use phrases that are technically correct but feel stiff, old-fashioned, or “tourist textbook”.
    - Example vibe:
        - In German, prefer “Hallo” over “Guten Tag” in most contexts.
        - In Turkish, if people normally say “abi/abla/pardon” to get attention rather than a stiff “Excuse me”-equivalent, you should mirror that kind of natural usage.

2. No useless or unnatural content
    - Avoid phrases that locals rarely or never use in everyday life.
    - Avoid super-formal formulas that people almost never say out loud (unless they are genuinely common and useful in TARGET_REGION).
    - If something is grammatically fine but socially weird, DO NOT include it as a main phrase.
    - Only include “nice but less frequent” variants if they are **very common and clearly worth knowing**, and briefly explain them in `notes_L1`.

3. Short, learnable, natural
    - Prefer short, high-frequency forms over long, complex sentences.
    - If it is natural to just say the item when ordering (“Water.” / “Coffee.”), use that, not a long, overly polite question.
    - Use contractions, common colloquialisms, and informal grammar where appropriate, as long as they are widely understood and not ultra-niche slang.

4. Context-aware choices
    - Think in **situations**, not literal translations.
    - For “Excuse me”, consider: is this about **getting attention**, **passing by**, or **apologizing**? Pick the phrase that locals actually use in that specific context.
    - For a “Good day” greeting, do NOT force a literal “Good day” if nobody uses it. Use whatever native speakers really say as a general daytime greeting.

---

## CARD DESIGN RULES

The deck consists of **cards** of two types:

- `single` → one main phrase (optionally with its polite/plural variant)
- `ritual_pair` → a fixed social ritual where a call has a fixed response that must be learned together

VERY IMPORTANT:

1. One card = one phrase (mostly)
    - A `single` card has exactly one main phrase in the target language.
    - You MAY attach a **polite/plural variant of the SAME phrase** to that card  
      (for example, a casual “thank you” vs. its polite/plural version).

2. Ritual pairs
    - Use `ritual_pair` when there is a **clear call–response ritual** that locals expect, for example:
        - A “welcome” phrase that expects a specific reply.
        - A fixed food blessing and its typical answer.
    - Call and response belong together on one `ritual_pair` card.

3. Do NOT mix different lexemes on one card
    - Different words/phrases = different cards.
    - For example: if there are two different common ways to say “thank you”, they should each get their own `single` card (unless one of them is just the polite/plural variant of the other).

4. Active recall
    - Each card MUST include a **cue in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME** (`cue_L1`) + a short **context explanation** (`context_L1`).
    - The app will show `cue_L1` on the front and test whether the learner can recall the target-language phrase.

---

## PRONUNCIATION REQUIREMENTS

For **every target-language phrase** (including responses and variants) you MUST provide:

- `pronunciation_ipa`: full IPA transcription, with correct phonemes and stress.
- `pronunciation_simple`: a simplified transcription using basic Latin letters and hyphens that is easy for LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME speakers to read.

No phrase may be missing these fields.

---

## CONTENT DOMAINS TO COVER

Cover at least the following domains with **high-frequency, natural phrases** used in TARGET_REGION:

1. Greetings & Politeness
    - A casual “hello”.
    - A general daytime greeting that people genuinely use (not just early-morning, not stiff).
    - A natural “bye”.
    - Two “please” functions:
        - **REQUEST_PLEASE**: used when asking/requesting (e.g. “please” at the end of a request).
        - **POLITENESS_PLEASE**: used as a response to “thank you” (“You’re welcome”, “No problem”, etc.).
    - “Thank you”:
        - At minimum, include the **single most common everyday way** to say “thank you”.
        - Only add **additional** “thank you” cards if they are clearly very common and have distinct, important usages (e.g. one very casual and one clearly polite/plural form).

2. Cultural ritual phrases
    - Include any **strong, culture-specific routines** where a particular phrase is tied to a social situation and often has a fixed answer.
    - Example patterns (adapt to the target language):
        - welcoming someone arriving → fixed response
        - wishing someone an easy job/work → typical response
        - food/blessing formulas (before/after eating) → response
        - complimenting the cook → response
        - get-well / empathy phrases → reaction
        - multi-purpose “here you go / after you / help yourself” phrase → response
    - Use `ritual_pair` for these call–response routines.

3. Introduction / small talk basics
    - “My name is …” / “I’m …”
    - “Nice to meet you.”
    - “What’s your name?”

4. Communication / language issues
    - “I don’t understand.”
    - “Do you speak [TARGET_LANGUAGE / LEARNER_LANGUAGE, whichever is more helpful]?”
    - “Could you speak more slowly, please?”
    - A natural way to say “I don’t speak [TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME] very well.”  
      (must sound like natives actually say it, not learner-ish).
    - “How do you say … in [TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME]?”

5. Food & drink
    - “Menu, please” (or the natural equivalent).
    - **Coffee** as people actually order it (often just the item word).
    - **Water** as people actually order it.
    - “The bill, please.”
    - “I’m vegetarian.” or “I don’t eat meat and fish.” or “I don’t eat animals.” – whichever is more natural/useful.
    - “That was delicious!” (after eating).
    - “This is really good!” (while eating).

6. Navigation
    - “Where is the train station?”
    - “Where is the toilet/bathroom?” (use the everyday term).
    - “Where is the nearest ATM/cash machine?”

7. Shopping
    - “How much is this?”
    - “Can I pay by card?”
    - “I’d like to pay in cash.”

8. Emergency
    - Short, urgent “Help!”
    - “I need a doctor!”
    - “Call the police!”

9. Numbers 1–10
    - Provide the normal, most common forms for counting.
    - If the target language has multiple everyday variants for some numbers (e.g. taboo forms, alternate readings), choose the **safest, most common default** for beginners and optionally explain in `notes_L1` why you chose it.

You do not need a fixed number of cards per domain, but every domain must be **reasonably covered** with high-value, real-life phrases.

---

## OUTPUT FORMAT (JAVASCRIPT MODULE)

Return a single JavaScript module that exports one deck object.

Deck-level structure:

```javascript
export const deck = {
    learnerLang: '<LEARNER_LANG_CODE>', // from the settings at the top
    targetLang: '<TARGET_LANG_CODE>', // from the settings at the top
    provider: 'google' || 'azure',
    voice: {
        name: '...', // e.g. a Google Neural2 or Azure Neural voice for the target language
        ssmlGender: 'MALE' || 'FEMALE',
    },
    cards: [
        // cards go here
    ],
};
```

For every target-language phrase (including responses and variants) you MUST provide:

- `pronunciation_ipa`: full IPA transcription, with correct phonemes and stress, stored as plain IPA text **without** leading or trailing slashes (e.g. `seˈlam`, not `/seˈlam/`).
- `pronunciation_simple`: a simplified transcription using basic Latin letters and hyphens that is easy for LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME speakers to read.

## CARD TYPES

You must use these two shapes:

```typescript
type SingleCard = {
    id: string; // stable id, e.g. 'thanks_main', 'hello_casual'
    type: 'single';
    category: string; // e.g. 'greeting','thanks','ritual','food','navigation','emergency','number',...
    cue_L1: string; // prompt in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME, e.g. "Thanks (casual, to friends)"
    context_L1: string; // one-sentence usage hint in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    l2: string; // target phrase in TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME
    pronunciation_ipa: string;
    pronunciation_simple: string;
    meaning_L1: string; // idiomatic translation into LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    literal_L1?: string; // optional literal translation
    usage_L1: string; // 1–3 sentences (in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME) explaining when/how it is used
    variant_plural?: {
        // OPTIONAL: polite/plural version of the SAME phrase
        l2: string;
        pronunciation_ipa: string;
        pronunciation_simple: string;
    };
    notes_L1?: string; // optional: pitfalls, register notes, regional info
};

type RitualPairCard = {
    id: string; // e.g. 'welcome_ritual'
    type: 'ritual_pair';
    category: string; // e.g. 'ritual','greeting_ritual','food_ritual'
    cue_L1: string; // short situation description in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    context_L1: string; // when this ritual occurs (one sentence)
    call_l2: string; // the first phrase (what someone says in the ritual)
    call_pronunciation_ipa: string;
    call_pronunciation_simple: string;
    call_meaning_L1: string; // meaning of the call in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    call_literal_L1?: string; // literal translation if helpful
    call_usage_L1: string; // 1–3 sentences on usage/nuance
    response_l2: string; // the expected, fixed response phrase
    response_pronunciation_ipa: string;
    response_pronunciation_simple: string;
    response_meaning_L1: string; // meaning of the response in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    notes_L1?: string; // optional notes on the whole ritual
};
```

The cards array is a mixture of `SingleCard` and `RitualPairCard` objects.

Make sure your final cards array:

- covers all the domains listed above,
- uses only **high-frequency, natural phrases** that locals in TARGET_REGION genuinely use,
- and provides **IPA + simple pronunciation** for every target-language phrase.

Commit message:

Improve prompt to genrate easier variants

generator/Prompt.md, after:

TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME = "<e.g. German, Turkish, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese>"
TARGET_LANG_CODE = "<e.g. de-DE, tr-TR, pt-BR, ja-JP>"
TARGET_REGION = "<e.g. Berlin, Istanbul, São Paulo, Tokyo>"

LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME = "<e.g. German, English>"
LEARNER_LANG_CODE = "<e.g. de-DE, en-US>"

---

## ROLE & GOAL

You are an expert linguist and a native speaker of the TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME from TARGET_REGION.

Your learners are native speakers of LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME (LEARNER_LANG_CODE).

Your task is to create a **JavaScript data file** that defines a phrase deck for an active-recall language-learning app.

The app will show learners a prompt in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME and ask them to **produce the phrase in the target language**, and then listen to it via TTS.

The three most important goals are:

1. **Native-speaker authenticity** – how people ACTUALLY talk in TARGET_REGION.
2. **High real-world usefulness** – only phrases that locals really use.
3. **Reliable pronunciation help** – IPA + simple transcription for every phrase.

---

## GENERAL PHILOSOPHY

1. Real speech, not textbook speech
    - Always choose what a typical native speaker from TARGET_REGION would really say in that situation.
    - Do NOT use phrases that are technically correct but feel stiff, old-fashioned, or “tourist textbook”.
    - Example vibe:
        - In German, prefer “Hallo” over “Guten Tag” in most contexts.
        - In Turkish, if people normally say “abi/abla/pardon” to get attention rather than a stiff “Excuse me”-equivalent, you should mirror that kind of natural usage.

2. No useless or unnatural content
    - Avoid phrases that locals rarely or never use in everyday life.
    - Avoid super-formal formulas that people almost never say out loud (unless they are genuinely common and useful in TARGET_REGION).
    - If something is grammatically fine but socially weird, DO NOT include it as a main phrase.
    - Only include “nice but less frequent” variants if they are **very common and clearly worth knowing**, and briefly explain them in `notes_L1`.

3. Short, learnable, natural
    - Always prefer the **shortest high-frequency form** that sounds natural to locals in TARGET_REGION.
    - If a short form like “Menu, please” or just “Coffee, please” is natural and polite enough, USE THAT as `l2` and DO NOT use a longer sentence like “Could I have the menu, please?”.
    - Only mention longer, more formal alternatives in `notes_L1` if they are really worth knowing; do not create separate cards for them.
    - Use contractions, common colloquialisms, and informal grammar where appropriate, as long as they are widely understood and not ultra-niche slang.

4. Context-aware choices
    - Think in **situations**, not literal translations.
    - For “Excuse me”, consider: is this about **getting attention**, **passing by**, or **apologizing**? Pick the phrase that locals actually use in that specific context.
    - For a “Good day” greeting, do NOT force a literal “Good day” if nobody uses it. Use whatever native speakers really say as a general daytime greeting.

---

## CARD DESIGN RULES

The deck consists of **cards** of two types:

- `single` → one main phrase (optionally with its polite/plural variant)
- `ritual_pair` → a fixed social ritual where a call has a fixed response that must be learned together

VERY IMPORTANT:

1. One card = one phrase (mostly)
    - A `single` card has exactly one main phrase in the target language.
    - You MAY attach a **polite/plural variant of the SAME phrase** to that card  
      (for example, a casual “thank you” vs. its polite/plural version).

2. Ritual pairs – when the learner really needs both sides
    - Use `ritual_pair` when there is a **clear call–response ritual** that locals expect **and** it is important for the learner to both
        - understand the call (what they will hear), and
        - actively produce the fixed response.
    - Typical examples: a “welcome” formula that expects a specific reply the guest says back, or a fixed get-well / sympathy phrase with a set answer.
    - If the learner will usually **start** the ritual themselves (e.g. complimenting the cook), then prefer a normal `single` card for the phrase the learner should say and only describe the typical reply in `usage_L1` or `notes_L1`.

3. Do NOT mix different lexemes on one card
    - Different words/phrases = different cards.
    - For example: if there are two different common ways to say “thank you”, they should each get their own `single` card (unless one of them is just the polite/plural variant of the other).

4. Active recall
    - Each card MUST include a **cue in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME** (`cue_L1`) + a short **context explanation** (`context_L1`).
    - The app will show `cue_L1` on the front and test whether the learner can recall the target-language phrase.

---

## PRONUNCIATION REQUIREMENTS

For **every target-language phrase** (including responses and variants) you MUST provide:

- `pronunciation_ipa`: full IPA transcription, with correct phonemes and stress.
- `pronunciation_simple`: a simplified transcription using basic Latin letters and hyphens that is easy for LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME speakers to read.

No phrase may be missing these fields.

---

## CONTENT DOMAINS TO COVER

Cover at least the following domains with **high-frequency, natural, shortest possible (easiest to learn) phrases** used in TARGET_REGION:

1. Greetings & Politeness
    - A casual “hello”.
    - A general daytime greeting that people genuinely use (not just early-morning, not stiff).
    - A natural “bye”.
    - Casual “yes“ and “no“
    - Two “please” functions:
        - **REQUEST_PLEASE**: used when asking/requesting (e.g. “please” at the end of a request).
        - **POLITENESS_PLEASE**: used as a response to “thank you” (“You’re welcome”, “No problem”, etc.).
    - “Thank you”:
        - At minimum, include the **single most common everyday way** to say “thank you”.
        - Only add **additional** “thank you” cards if they are clearly very common and have distinct, important usages (e.g. one very casual and one clearly polite/plural form).

2. Cultural ritual phrases
    - Include any **strong, culture-specific routines** where a particular phrase is tied to a social situation and often has a fixed answer.
    - Example patterns (adapt to the target language):
        - welcoming someone arriving → fixed response
        - wishing someone an easy job/work → typical response
        - food/blessing formulas (before/after eating) → response
        - complimenting the cook → response
        - get-well / empathy phrases → reaction
        - multi-purpose “here you go / after you / help yourself” phrase → response
        - For each ritual, decide from the learner’s perspective:
            - If they will **mostly hear** the first phrase and are expected to give a **fixed answer**, model it as a `ritual_pair` (call = what others say, response = what the learner should say).
            - If they will **mostly say** the ritual phrase themselves (e.g. wishing someone an easy job, complimenting the cook), create a `single` card for the phrase the learner produces and briefly explain the usual reply in `usage_L1` or `notes_L1`.
        - Remember: the deck is for tourists. They will typically _hear_ things like “Welcome” and _respond_ with the set reply, but they will more often _say_ politeness formulas like “Thanks for the food” or “Easy work to you”, so those should usually be `single` cards.

3. Introduction / small talk basics
    - “My name is …” / “I’m …”
    - “Nice to meet you.”
    - “What’s your name?”

4. Communication / language issues
    - “I don’t understand.”
    - “Do you speak [TARGET_LANGUAGE / LEARNER_LANGUAGE, whichever is more helpful]?”
    - “Could you speak more slowly, please?”
    - A natural way to say “I don’t speak [TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME] very well.”  
      (must sound like natives actually say it, not learner-ish).
    - “How do you say … in [TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME]?”

5. Food & drink
    - “Menu, please” (or the natural equivalent).
    - **Coffee** as people actually order it (often just the item word).
    - **Water** as people actually order it.
    - “The bill, please.”
    - “I’m vegetarian.” or “I don’t eat meat and fish.” or “I don’t eat animals.” – whichever is more natural/useful.
    - “That was delicious!” (after eating).
    - “This is really good!” (while eating).

6. Navigation
    - “Where is the train station?”
    - “Where is the toilet/bathroom?” (use the everyday term).
    - “Where is the nearest ATM/cash machine?”

7. Shopping
    - “How much is this?”
    - “Can I pay by card?”
    - “I’d like to pay in cash.”

8. Emergency
    - Short, urgent “Help!”
    - “I need a doctor!”
    - “Call the police!”

9. Numbers 1–10
    - Provide the normal, most common forms for counting.
    - If the target language has multiple everyday variants for some numbers (e.g. taboo forms, alternate readings), choose the **safest, most common default** for beginners and optionally explain in `notes_L1` why you chose it.

You do not need a fixed number of cards per domain, but every domain must be **reasonably covered** with high-value, real-life phrases.

---

## OUTPUT FORMAT (JAVASCRIPT MODULE)

Return a single JavaScript module that exports one deck object.

Deck-level structure:

```javascript
export const deck = {
    learnerLang: '<LEARNER_LANG_CODE>', // from the settings at the top
    targetLang: '<TARGET_LANG_CODE>', // from the settings at the top
    provider: 'google' || 'azure',
    voice: {
        name: '...', // e.g. a Google Neural2 or Azure Neural voice for the target language
        ssmlGender: 'MALE' || 'FEMALE',
    },
    cards: [
        // cards go here
    ],
};
```

For every target-language phrase (including responses and variants) you MUST provide:

- `pronunciation_ipa`: full IPA transcription, with correct phonemes and stress, stored as plain IPA text **without** leading or trailing slashes (e.g. `seˈlam`, not `/seˈlam/`).
- `pronunciation_simple`: a simplified transcription using basic Latin letters and hyphens that is easy for LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME speakers to read.

## CARD TYPES

You must use these two shapes:

```typescript
type SingleCard = {
    id: string; // stable id, e.g. 'thanks_main', 'hello_casual'
    type: 'single';
    category: string; // e.g. 'greeting','thanks','ritual','food','navigation','emergency','number',...
    cue_L1: string; // prompt in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME, e.g. "Thanks (casual, to friends)"
    context_L1: string; // one-sentence usage hint in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    l2: string; // target phrase in TARGET_LANGUAGE_NAME
    pronunciation_ipa: string;
    pronunciation_simple: string;
    meaning_L1: string; // idiomatic translation into LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    literal_L1?: string; // optional literal translation
    usage_L1: string; // 1–3 sentences (in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME) explaining when/how it is used
    variant_plural?: {
        // OPTIONAL: polite/plural version of the SAME phrase
        l2: string;
        pronunciation_ipa: string;
        pronunciation_simple: string;
    };
    notes_L1?: string; // optional: pitfalls, register notes, regional info
};

type RitualPairCard = {
    id: string; // e.g. 'welcome_ritual'
    type: 'ritual_pair';
    category: string; // e.g. 'ritual','greeting_ritual','food_ritual'
    cue_L1: string; // short situation description in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    context_L1: string; // when this ritual occurs (one sentence)
    call_l2: string; // the first phrase (what someone says in the ritual)
    call_pronunciation_ipa: string;
    call_pronunciation_simple: string;
    call_meaning_L1: string; // meaning of the call in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    call_literal_L1?: string; // literal translation if helpful
    call_usage_L1: string; // 1–3 sentences on usage/nuance
    response_l2: string; // the expected, fixed response phrase
    response_pronunciation_ipa: string;
    response_pronunciation_simple: string;
    response_meaning_L1: string; // meaning of the response in LEARNER_LANGUAGE_NAME
    notes_L1?: string; // optional notes on the whole ritual
};
```

The cards array is a mixture of `SingleCard` and `RitualPairCard` objects.

Make sure your final cards array:

- covers all the domains listed above,
- uses only **high-frequency, natural phrases** that locals in TARGET_REGION genuinely use,
- uses the easiest to learn (or shortest) variants
- and provides **IPA + simple pronunciation** for every target-language phrase.
